# LeetCode Problem: [169. Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)

## Problem Description

Given an array `nums` of size n, return the majority element. The majority element is the element that appears more than ⌊n / 2⌋ times. You may assume that the majority element always exists in the array.

You must implement a solution that runs in linear time and uses constant extra space.

## Solution Approach

We can use the Boyer-Moore Voting Algorithm to find the majority element in the given array. This algorithm allows us to find the majority element in O(n) time complexity and O(1) space complexity.

## Java Solution

```java
class Solution {
    public int majorityElement(int[] nums) {
        int count = 1;
        int majorityElement = nums[0];
        for (int i = 1; i < nums.length; i++) {
            if (nums[i] == majorityElement)
                count++;
            else {
                count--;
                if (count == 0) {
                    majorityElement = nums[i];
                    count = 1;
                }
            }
        }
        return majorityElement;
    }
}
```

## Complexity Analysis

- **Time Complexity**: O(n), where n is the size of the input array. We iterate through the array once.
- **Space Complexity**: O(1), as we use only a constant amount of extra space for the variables `count` and `majorityElement`.

## Code Explanation
- We initialize the `count` variable to 1 and the `majorityElement` variable to the first element of the array.
- We iterate through the array starting from the second element.
- If the current element is the same as the `majorityElement`, we increment the `count`.
- If the current element is different from the `majorityElement`, we decrement the `count`. If the `count` becomes zero, we update the `majorityElement` to the current element, and reset the `count` to 1.
- After iterating through the array, the `majorityElement` will contain the majority element, which appears more than n/2 times in the array. We return the `majorityElement`.
